Their brotherhood has not yet been investigated clearly.
It’s better not to tell Jiaojiao.
I promise you I won't do it again.
I didn't make any big announcement about finding my sister.
How do you know. that day,
I asked Li to apologize to the hotel.
Sorry, Mr. Guo.
Brother, don’t blame him,
If it weren't for him, we, brother and sister, wouldn't be able to come down.
If I were still the same now
The first meeting was complicated very late
You still think I'm not healthy enough
If you don't know my identity
I don't believe it
I have been passionate about the second dean since I was a child
I said I'm not great
totally feeling so nervous
And you have to be bullied by men
That's why I treat you like that
Brother, look at TSMC
I've had it since I was little
Even if I can steal your search for your sister
I don’t know what he looks like anymore.
Isn’t this enough to show my body to my sister?
That's right, it's this piece of iron
you are twenty five
You are my new sister
Brother will definitely double the compensation before
I won’t let you be bullied anymore